Hello, everyone.
So till the last part, we have organized everything inside the frame.
We have decided panels for the show pane and the display panel.
And also we have added buttons to the footer.
We have added a text field which is going to contain the part of the folder which is opened right now.
We have talked about this counter which is going to count the number of folders.
We have added our icon also to this elements counter and we have talked about the three hierarchy thing.
So till the last part, we have discussed that how we are going to add all the buttons to the footer
panel, how this three expansion listener is working, and how they are adding and removing children.
Accordingly, we are adding a new file folder.
So yes, this was all about the three expansion thing.
We have added a three scroll scroll pane which is going to like scroll through that three this.
So this is the tree structure in the show panel and we can also scroll through the tree and its roots
and children's and everything now coming to the action lesson and part.
So we have like covered all the hierarchy and the tree structure.
Now after adding the buttons to the footer, we have to attach action, not also whether it is the return
button in the header or the save rename and new file and new folder button in the footer.
So this is the action list for the return button which will like navigate us to the previous window
which was open.
So return button that action add listener.
So add action is not is the name of the function.
We have passed a new action listener as the argument and in order to implement this action listener
to this file browser class head, we have implemented we we have to use this override keyword as we
are all like implementing this action listener to our already existing class.
So this is the rule to use this override keyword.
Okay.
So inside this we have like a public void action performed function and we have passed the argument
inside this function.
So it is basically checking that if current folder is not equal to null and it means that we have to
make both of the things true in order to like make this if statement like working.
So yes, if we want to this statement to come in action, then both of these statements should be true.
The current folder should like not equal to null.
And we are we should not be inside any of the folder so that we can press on the return button and we
will be back to the parent of that folder.
So suppose if we open this pain folder and then we click the return button, then we will come back
to the parent folder, which is the painful.
So this is how this return button is working.
And if this is statement is not taking place, then the selected folder should store our value null.
So this is all working on the selected folder thing.
If a folder is selected then the return button will work, otherwise it won't move.
So this is how the return button is like taking an action.
Now the next thing we are going to take like action listener.
The next thing we are going to add action is for the rename file button.
So here we have the rename file button.
So we will be adding action listener for the rename file button.
So creating a.
New action is not okay.
So let us start creating action if not for the add folder button as it is the main concern of this project.
We want to create a folder in order to make files inside it and rename the files inside it.
So yes, so we can call it as the one of the most important buttons we have added to the folder.
So add folder button and action listener.
So here it is.
And inside that action listener, we have to add argument as action listener, new action listener we
can call it.
And yes, this is how this method is created.
Now, inside this, we will be.
So we have to add a brace.
And inside this again override key.
So similarly public void as we have created for the return button.
Public void action performed.
So this is the public void action performed function we have created which is similar to this return
button action listener.
This is the add folder button action listener and in this similar way we have created action performed
function which is going to like the option pane will appear on the screen asking for a name for the
like folder which we want to create like this.
So head.
You can see that this option pane is a pairing asking for enter the name of the new folder.
So this is done with the help of this g option paint component of the swing library input dialog when
shown.
So inside the frame there will be a question like asking for the name for the folder, and if the name
of the folder is not null, then we have to like add that folder to our current three hierarchy.
So we have to open that newly created folder.
We have created the folder in the working of the application part.
So suppose we are creating a folder inside this file browser folder.
Then that new folder will be created once we enter the name and hit on this okay button and the new
folder will start padding inside the file browser directory.
So yes, this is how a new folder is created.
And if this if statement is like a working, then this thing will happen.
Otherwise, if the loop does like the function does not enter inside this f like statement, the name
of the folder is null.
Then we have to like save selected folder to not like the selected folder object is set to null if the
input field is not entered with any name now in this similar way.
Okay, so I'm going going to copy the same part of the code for the ad file.
Things are going to be similar in the case of add file also.
So inside that file we have to add the add file button.
Adoption business, new action listener again override function.
And inside this same arguments are going to be passed.
So yes, in the next part.
Okay.
So we have to update the option pane, which is appearing in the form of import dialog to enter the
name of the new file dot.
So the heading will contain this that enter the name of the file and automatically the text will be
attached to the file ahead.
You can see that the new file is created in the form of MC directories.
So in the folders we were creating directories, but in the file we are creating a file inside the folder
which is inside which we are working and our name of the file will be created with dot text.
So basically it is a string concatenation method.
The name of the file will be concatenated with this dot txt and the file will be named to ABC.
Suppose if the name is set to ABC.
Okay.
So that slight difference between the add folder and the file button is if we are creating a file then
okay.
So same thing will be checked that the name should not be null.
Then only inside this if statement the operation will take place.
So yes, current folder.
So we have to set a path for that file.
So if we are writing a file inside this application, then there should be a path.
So suppose it is in the right file browser and then name of that file supports file.
So that path should appear on the right frame.
Suppose we are writing anything inside that file.
So yes, we have checked that text editor thing inside the working of the application or the path was
appearing here.
So this was all about the add file button, how this action is not it is attached to that add file button
and inside the if statement these things are done.
And in the statement we are checking that the selected folder is null or not.
So if it is null, then we will be creating the new file in this manner and otherwise it is.
If it is already containing some folders or files, then we have to change the current folder variable
to the selected folder.
We have to update the folder.
With the newly created file.
So, yes, this is how our ad file button was working.
Now, the next button in the series is daddy name file button.
Here you can see that we have covered this new folder, this new file.
Now we are here with the new folder like rename button how action should be attached to this rename
button.
We have tried renaming a folder or a file already like we have tried to rename the file.
TXT We have encountered this in the working of the application part.
We renamed the file to a j like check file dot txt and the rename was working perfectly fine.
There are two ways to rename.
We can rename the just now created files and folder and we can also rename the already existing files
and folders in our system.
So that rename function should be written in such a manner that it should like rename all of the existing
file or the newly created files.
So this is how it is done.
Public void action performed in the similar way for all the above buttons.
Okay, so inside this we have to like a set of option pane which will ask for enter the new name and
if a name file is not null.
So if we have entered a valid name to that like whatever file folder we want to rename and it should
not null, then we can rename that folder or file whatever it is.
So suppose if it is a folder then how it is done.
So selected folder should like updated to the new name.
The path should get that.
What is the parent of this folder?
And then the new name of the file should be added to that path.
And if the file is directly so, if this is true the file we want to update the file, then what should
be the renaming like be done in the form of.
So I if I want to rename a file so only the name part of that specific file should be renamed and dot
txt will remain the same.
We have already tried to rename the file like test dot txt in our working part.
We tried to rename it as a check file so that was like remaining unaffected.
Only the name of the file was changing.
So yes.
And also the name should be updated in the like tree hierarchy.
Suppose if we want to rename this folder, then that should also update in this like tree cell renderer.
So this hierarchy should also update.
Okay, so this was all about the rename file button and coming to the save file button.
So this is simply saving the file.
Suppose we are like writing something inside a file.
So basically we are talking about text editor.
We tried to edit some text inside our application window only and on hitting the save button, the like
edited text is saved in the form of a text file.
So the save button.
In the similar way we have added action perform function arguments as passed and if that file exist.
So suppose the file which we are changing is existing right now, not deleted.
Then we will try.
And so the exception is also there.
We have to catch that exception that some text is written in the text area.
So suppose a text file is opened in this frame, that display panel, we can say that and we have written
some text to it.
Basically it should not be null and then we will hit on this same button, then that file will be saved
with the modified text we have like just now changed it to.
And this try block should catch all the text or text on the text area and save that file in that updated
manner.
Otherwise, if there is any kind of input output exception we have entered like the text area is null
or any kind of input output exception, then this catch block will catch that exception and show error
whenever we hit on the save button and things won't be saved as there is some kind of exception.
So this was all about all the four buttons we have created this four buttons added them to the panel,
the footer panel.
We have also attached actions list to all four of them save, rename, new file and new folder.
And now coming to this school.
So what is this?
There is a scroll bar here.
We are expanding this.
We have already encountered this, that on expanding this, these two panels like change their size
in a relative manner.
So if we increase this, this part is decreasing and this is how this is working.
So basically application means to show a specific information, whether it be the data or the image
of the selected location.
So we have a vertical scrollbar also on scrolling the vertical scroller or whether the horizontal one
there are two splits.
So on scrolling this the data, so suppose it is now currently containing all of them.
If we scroll, expand this and see then all the data from the show pane will be displayed on the viewport.
So this is how we are like covering this affected scroll thing.
This certificate scroll thing is all about the scroller head working, whether it is the horizontal
split or the vertical split.
So yes, this we have added add closeness to the frame and all the keys are working in that.